README.md, before:

# Nuggets AI

Welcome to the Nuggets AI repo. Here you will find examples of how to Nuggets into your AI projects.

1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [A2A Authentication](#a2a-authentication)
3. [MCP](#mcp)

## Getting Started

To get started you'll first need to clone the repo and run `pnpm i`. If you do not have `pnpm` please see: https://pnpm.io/.

## A2A Authentication

An example of Nuggets Authentication when connecting to an AI Agent. This allows Agents to confirm they are communicating with the correct Agent.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and pnpm installed.

### Setup

1. **Create a Gemini API key**:

   As this project is build on top of the Google A2A Protocol example [repo](https://github.com/google/A2A/tree/main/samples/js), you will firstly need a Gemini API key. This can be found here: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/api-key.

2. **Create a AI Agent Client in the Nuggets Accounts Portal**

   Log into the [Nuggets Accounts Portal](https://accounts.nuggets.life) and create your AI Agent. **_Make ensure to download your private key and keep a record of your client ID as these are needed for the next part_**.

3. **Add your environment variables**

   Once created you'll need to these to a `.env` file in the `/apps/a2a` directory.

   ```
   NUGGETS_PRIVATE_JWK={}
   NUGGETS_CLIENT_ID=xxxxxxx
   ```

4. **Run the coder agent**:

   ```bash
   npm run a2a:agent:coder
   ```

5. **Run the Agent to Agent CLI**:

   In a new terminal run:

   ```bash
   npm run a2a:cli
   ```

If all has worked successfully your should see all the verified information about your Client returned in the Terminal when connecting.

## MCP

Demonstrates integration using the Model Context Protocol.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and pnpm installed.
- Docker and Docker Compose installed.
- AWS CLI configured for ECR access.

### Setup

1. **Sign in to AWS**:

   ```bash
   npm run aws:ecr:signin
   ```

2. **Run Containers**:

   - Self-hosted integration:
     ```bash
     npm run docker:communicator
     ```
   - OIDC integration:
     ```bash
     npm run docker:communicator redis
     ```

3. **Build the Server**:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

4. **Run the Client**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Monorepo Structure

- **apps/**: Contains the client and A2A examples.
  - **client/**: MCP client implementation.
  - **a2a/**: Agent to Agent authentication examples.
- **packages/**: Contains shared packages.
  - **server/**: MCP server implementation.
  - **authentication/**: Authentication utilities.

## Configuration

- **Environment Variables**: Ensure all necessary environment variables are set as per the setup instructions.
- **Docker Setup**: Refer to `docker-compose.yml` and related files for container orchestration.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Updated the docs to include authentication (#5)

README.md, after:

# Nuggets AI

Welcome to the Nuggets AI repo. Here you will find examples of how to Nuggets into your AI projects.

1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [A2A Authentication](#a2a-authentication)
3. [MCP](#mcp)

## Getting Started

To get started you'll first need to clone the repo and run `pnpm i`. If you do not have `pnpm` please see: https://pnpm.io/.

## A2A Authentication

An example of Nuggets Authentication when connecting to an AI Agent. This allows Agents to confirm they are communicating with the correct Agent.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and pnpm installed.

### Setup

1. **Create a Gemini API key**:

   As this project is build on top of the Google A2A Protocol example [repo](https://github.com/google/A2A/tree/main/samples/js), you will firstly need a Gemini API key. This can be found here: https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/api-key.

2. **Create a AI Agent Client in the Nuggets Accounts Portal**

   Log into the [Nuggets Accounts Portal](https://accounts.nuggets.life) and create your AI Agent. **_Make ensure to download your private key and keep a record of your client ID as these are needed for the next part_**.

3. **Add your environment variables**

   Once created you'll need to these to a `.env` file in the `/apps/a2a` directory.

   ```
   NUGGETS_PRIVATE_JWK={}
   NUGGETS_CLIENT_ID=xxxxxxx
   ```

4. **Run the coder agent**:

   ```bash
   npm run a2a:agent:coder
   ```

5. **Run the Agent to Agent CLI**:

   In a new terminal run:

   ```bash
   npm run a2a:cli
   ```

If all has worked successfully your should see all the verified information about your Client returned in the Terminal when connecting.

### How the authentication works

1. Create a Nuggets AI Agent (within the [accounts portal](https://accounts.nuggets.life)) and download the private key and client ID. Using the client ID as the subject, generate a signed JWT using the private key. Send to the authenticating server.
2. Once received, decode the JWT to retrieve the Client ID via the `payload.sub` field.
3. Using the client ID, the server can retrieve the clients DID via the `https://auth.nuggets.life/did/CLIENT_ID` endpoint.
4. Using the public key from the DID Document, authenticate the validity of the token. If the verification passes, you know that the agent has authenticated successfully.
5. Once successful the server is able to retrieve more information about the agent's Nuggets Client via the `https://auth.nuggets.life/verified-info/CLIENT_ID/json` endpoint.
6. This can then be used to display more information about the AI Agent and confirm its identity.

## MCP

Demonstrates integration using the Model Context Protocol.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and pnpm installed.
- Docker and Docker Compose installed.
- AWS CLI configured for ECR access.

### Setup

1. **Sign in to AWS**:

   ```bash
   npm run aws:ecr:signin
   ```

2. **Run Containers**:

   - Self-hosted integration:
     ```bash
     npm run docker:communicator
     ```
   - OIDC integration:
     ```bash
     npm run docker:communicator redis
     ```

3. **Build the Server**:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

4. **Run the Client**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Monorepo Structure

- **apps/**: Contains the client and A2A examples.
  - **client/**: MCP client implementation.
  - **a2a/**: Agent to Agent authentication examples.
- **packages/**: Contains shared packages.
  - **server/**: MCP server implementation.
  - **authentication/**: Authentication utilities.

## Configuration

- **Environment Variables**: Ensure all necessary environment variables are set as per the setup instructions.
- **Docker Setup**: Refer to `docker-compose.yml` and related files for container orchestration.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
